Grandma Huang, this is called magic.
It is the grandson chosen by God
Hahahaha
13 My old woman has celebrated her birthday dozens of times
Your performance was the most stunning today.
reward
deserve a reward
Grandma Huang is Ning Dashou today
Suntedi has prepared a gift for you
Hetian jade Ruyi is worth 10,000 taels
The blue ocean night pearl is worth 100,000 taels
The last session
It was the grandson who spent a million taels
Searching all over the country for SenseTime paintings
I wish Grandma the sun and the moon
forever
Jin Zhe, you have a heart
Thirteenth brother
Grandma Huang's birthday banquet today
You're not unprepared for anything, are you?
Come and bring up the acceptance
Thirteenth brother, wouldn't you say
Acceptance prepared for Grandma Emperor
Just a broken sack
It's priceless.